document the buildFeature task (#653)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/buildFeature.rst

.. _sdk_6_build_feature:

Build a Feature file
====================

> In order to build the Feature file (``.fo``) of an Application, the SDK provides the Gradle ``buildFeature`` task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the Feature file (``.fo``) of an Application, the SDK provides the Gradle ``buildFeature`` task.
```

The prerequisites to use this task are:

- A target VEE Port that uses an Architecture version ``7.17`` minimum must be defined.

>   Refer to the :ref:`sdk_6_select_veeport` page to know the different ways to provide a VEE Port for a module project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Refer to the :ref:`sdk_6_select_veeport` page to learn how to provide a VEE Port for a module project.
```

- A Kernel must be defined.

>   Refer to the :ref:`sdk_6_select_kernel` page to know the different ways to provide a Kernel for a module project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Refer to the :ref:`sdk_6_select_kernel` page to learn how to provide a Kernel for a module project.
```
